Dog pounce faster
flutter
Hurry up!
Can't cure you
All the gift boxes in stock are burned out.
Not only the gift boxes in stock were burned
Even the packaging machine that encapsulated the gift box was smashed
Ruined
It is impossible to continue production in the future
Here's the thing.
It will take a while for the refund from the village seller.
There are no funds 1 billion on the books now
It must be that bastard Fang Yuan who did it
I'll go find him now.
useless
He won't admit it if you ask him.
Hahaha
how
Are you guessing again?
Did I do this?
What do you want from me?
Show evidence
You know me better than this bitch
After all, the son seeks to spare his parents
You, you just don't matter
Fang Yuan, are you still a man?
Serious business capital can't play with me
Do these dirty tricks with us?
It's raining!
Don't talk nonsense without evidence
I could sue you for slander
And I'm going to ask you to get out of here.
Don't say that.
I came here today to thank you all